<h2>Chap 0</h2>
What we have so far is a big (or small?) something. It’s definitely not nothing, but all of it is unknown to us at the time of writing these lines. Or is it already far too familiar for some? Raise your hands!

For the rest (most?) of us it could inadvertently feel like a dot, a random drop of your pen (tip pointing downwards) over a blank A4 sheet that gives us our starting point. Is this a part or the whole? Singularity and boundless universe are both infinite and could just be the same, so let’s not get bogged down by the hierarchy of referencing here.

I’m so excited and want to set out to explore immediately! Let’s go, let’s do this!

*Bump!* But how?

A good question. My intuition tells me that I can either look at this with a holistic approach or focus on bits. Is there a third way though? I mean I could just look at nothing but that wouldn’t reveal much. So is there anything else to consider besides the whole and pieces (of whatever size)? There might be. Reflections, echoes or traces are hardly parts or the whole, and they could show us genuine traits of our world. Better keep eyes/ears/minds open and look at everything.

I could start at the single largest unit that contains it all and maybe kind of ‘zoom in’ from there and explore along the way. However all I can see from this perspective right now is just a massive white gunk and it feels like it’s impossibly big. It’s like your favourite cake, that you’d want to swallow at once but the bigger you open your mouth the larger this seems to get and there’s just no way of eating it. Which is a good thing because it means that we’re safe from being swallowed with our world while we’re exploring on the inside. Why white though, no idea.

All right then, let’s just grab a detail and we will start there.

<div align="center">* * *</div>

There’s this guy called Chap 0. Rumoured to be ageless, an ever present being from before time and way after time, or so does folklore tell us.

His friends call him Treetrunk and he spends most of his time in trance. It started way before any of them got to know him and no mortals can recall the last awakening so how they really became friends remains a mystery. Nevertheless, friends they are. Besties, some would say. And this friendship is based on the most selfless principle, laws of physics.

To cut a lengthy explanation short, let’s just observe their most common interaction, being in the same room. The friends always arrive in time for the congregation even if that means they had to abandon whatever they were doing.

In this particular case, one’s holding a yellow rubber duck, has no clothes on and is dripping wet; another one has a sleeping hat on and snores so horribly it’s hard to bear; yet another holds a saw and is completely covered by sawdust… etc. You get the gist of it.

And as they all enter the room their eyes flip up to show their whites only and before all the shaking of their bodies and weird noises would upset the observer there’s a cut and the camera just shows the outside of the door where you can hear nothing and slowly forget what’s in the room as the gorgeous wood texture of the door eases you into a casual enjoyment of the mathematical beauty of nature.

You can now lower your eyebrows if previously raised.

<!--<div align="right">27/9/17</div>-->
